LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.py
src/rivals_top8_results/__init__.py
src/rivals_top8_results/draw_example.py
src/rivals_top8_results/draw_gui.py
src/rivals_top8_results/draw_qt.py
src/rivals_top8_results/draw_results.py
src/rivals_top8_results.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/rivals_top8_results.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/rivals_top8_results.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/rivals_top8_results.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/bracket.json
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/empty_bracket.json
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/icon.ico
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Aether High/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Aethereal Gates/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Aethereal Gates/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Air Armada/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Air Armada/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Blazing Hideout/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Blazing Hideout/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Fire Capital/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Fire Capital/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Frozen Fortress/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Frozen Gates/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Frozen Gates/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Julesvale/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Julesvale/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Merchant Port/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Merchant Port/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Neo Fire Capital/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Pridemoor Keep/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Tempest Peak/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The CEO Ring/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Endless Abyss/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Forest Floor/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The RoA Ring/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Rock Wall/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Rock Wall/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Spirit Tree/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Swampy Estuary/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/The Swampy Estuary/2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Tower of Heaven/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Treetop Lodge/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Backgrounds/Troupple Pond/1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/blank.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Penguin.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Twitch.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Absa/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Arcade Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Arcade Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Arcade Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Genesis.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Hero.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Orange.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Clairen/White.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Arcade Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Arcade Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Arcade Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/On The Edge.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Elliana/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Brown.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Cyan.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Genesis.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Panda.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Etalus/Yellow.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/AZ.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Dreamscape.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Genesis.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Forsburn/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Burrito.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Summit.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Kragg/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Arcade Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Arcade Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Arcade Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Panda.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Readek.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Maypul/Yellow.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Cyan.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Pool Party.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Summit.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Orcane/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/BASE FOR RECOLORER.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Cyan.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Dark.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Readek.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ori/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Random/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Random/Default_old.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Pink.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Pool Party.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Tuxedo.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Ranno/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Cyan.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Shovel Knight/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Genesis.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Infamous.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Sylvanos/White.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Collegiate.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Early access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Spangled.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Wrastor/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Abyss.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Blue.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Champion.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Christmas.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Custom 1.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Custom 2.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Default.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Early Access.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Excaliburn.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Golden.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Green.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Grey.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Halloween.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Purple.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Ranked.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Red.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Shine.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Summer.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Main/Zetterburn/Valentines.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/absa.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/clairen.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/elliana.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/etalus.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/forsburn.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/kragg.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/maypul.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/orcane.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/ori.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/random.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/ranno.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/shovel knight.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/sylvanos.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/wrastor.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Characters/Secondary/zetterburn.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/Pixellari.ttf
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/char_portrait.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/char_portrait.psd
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/char_portrait_no_nick.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/layout.png
src/rivals_top8_results/Resources/Layout/logo.png